Add subagent timing rules, CI monitor quieting, and Actions log access (#234)
aunger/gallery-button-for-pixel-camera: agents/dev_orchestration.md

  if Reviewer gave approval:
    Orchestrator launches a Monitor tool call (run_in_background: true, timeout_ms: 1800000)
    Each stdout line arrives as a task-notification event

>     Act only on lines containing Clear, Blocked, or Infra; relay in_progress lines to the user as brief status updates (the script emits them at most every ~2 minutes)

Author: ```suggestion
    Act only on lines containing Clear, Blocked, or Infra. Relay in_progress lines to the user as brief status updates (the script throttles these down, emitting one in_progress heartbeat every few minutes). 
```

    print('in_progress')
" 2>/dev/null)

  iter=$((iter + 1))
  if [ "$result" = "in_progress" ]; then

>     [ $((iter % 4)) -eq 0 ] && echo "PR#${PR}: in_progress"

Author: Make this `% 5` instead

| `PR#N: Clear ...`     | All CI checks passed and `mergeable_state` is `clean` or `unstable`; PR may be merged.               |
| `PR#N: Blocked ...`   | A check failed (`failure`/`action_required`) or `mergeable_state` is `behind`/`dirty`; new Author round needed. |
| `PR#N: Infra ...`     | A CI infrastructure problem (`cancelled`, `timed_out`, `stale`, `startup_failure`, or `mergeable_state=blocked`); escalate to user. |

> | `PR#N: in_progress`   | CI still running; emitted every ~2 minutes — relay to user as a brief status update.                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PR#N: in_progress`   | CI still running; emitted every few minutes; relay to user as a brief status update.                  |
```
